#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements.txt --pip-args='None' requirements.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.15
    # via langchain-community
aiosignal==1.4.0
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.11.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
attrs==25.3.0
    # via aiohttp
blinker==1.9.0
    # via flask
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via requests
click==8.3.0
    # via flask
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
faiss-cpu==1.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
filelock==3.19.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
flask==3.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
frozenlist==1.7.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec==2025.9.0
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
h11==0.16.0
    # via httpcore
hf-xet==1.1.10
    # via huggingface-hub
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
httpx-sse==0.4.1
    # via langchain-community
huggingface-hub==0.35.3
    # via
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
itsdangerous==2.2.0
    # via flask
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   flask
    #   torch
jiter==0.11.0
    # via openai
joblib==1.5.2
    # via scikit-learn
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.3.27
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
langchain-community==0.3.30
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-core==0.3.76
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
langchain-openai==0.3.33
    # via -r requirements.in
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.11
    # via langchain
langchainhub==0.1.18
    # via -r requirements.in
langsmith==0.4.31
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
markupsafe==3.0.3
    # via
    #   flask
    #   jinja2
    #   werkzeug
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via dataclasses-json
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.6.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via typing-inspect
networkx==3.5
    # via torch
numpy==2.3.3
    # via
    #   faiss-cpu
    #   langchain-community
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   transformers
openai==1.109.1
    # via langchain-openai
orjson==3.11.3
    # via langsmith
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   faiss-cpu
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   marshmallow
    #   transformers
pillow==11.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
propcache==0.3.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
pydantic==2.11.9
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.11.0
    # via langchain-community
python-dotenv==1.1.1
    # via pydantic-settings
pyyaml==6.0.3
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   transformers
regex==2025.9.18
    # via
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.5
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchainhub
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
safetensors==0.6.2
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.7.2
    # via sentence-transformers
scipy==1.16.2
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
sentence-transformers==5.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   openai
sqlalchemy==2.0.43
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
sympy==1.14.0
    # via torch
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
tiktoken==0.12.0
    # via langchain-openai
tokenizers==0.22.1
    # via transformers
torch==2.8.0
    # via sentence-transformers
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
transformers==4.56.2
    # via sentence-transformers
types-requests==2.32.4.20250913
    # via langchainhub
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   aiosignal
    #   anyio
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   torch
    #   typing-inspect
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   requests
    #   types-requests
werkzeug==3.1.3
    # via flask
yarl==1.20.1
    # via aiohttp
zstandard==0.25.0
    # via langsmith
